# Programming Fundamentals-1 (2022). Project Structure.

[УКР][project_structure_readme_ua] | [ENG][project_structure_readme]

[HOME][this_repo] | [PROJECT STRUCTURE][project_structure_readme]

In order to make your work more organized next format is suggested and strongly asked to follow.

## 1. Create your working directory

After cloning your fork of the discipline repository create a directory for your project:

```cmd
git clone https://github.com/<your nickname>/PF1_2022.git
cd PF1_2022
cd IA-XX
mkdir "Team Y"
cd "Team Y"
```
<br/>

## 2. Follow required structure of your repository
    
Your project's directory content **MUST** follow next structure:

```
Team Y
|- LAB X
   |- src
      |- some_task.java
      |- code_file.java
    |- LAB X (Surname 1, Surname 2, ..., Surname N).pdf   
   
```

- `src`. Contains only files directly connected to the completed assignment. In most cases those are only your code files.
- `LAB X (Surname 1..N)`. The report itself. **MUST** be a **PDF** file.

For example:
```
Team 1
|- LAB 1
   |- src
      |- hello_world.java
   |- LAB 1 (Musk, Jobs, Zuckerberg).pdf
```

## 3. IGNORE REDUNDANT FILES

Please, don't commit files, which are not following the structure. Only `java` files in `src` directory and `pdf` file in the root of `LAB X` directory.

If you have some additional files, autogenerated with some tools (like with any IDE), ignore them with `.gitignore` file. You can read about it [here][github_ignore].

If you use the same tool for all your labs, it is obvious, that redundant files and directories will have same names. Therefore put `.gitignore` into the root of your `TEAM X` directory. For example, structure of your team's folder will be looking as following:
```
Team 1
|- .gitignore
|- LAB 1
   |- src
      |- hello_world.java
   |- LAB 1 (Musk, Jobs, Zuckerberg).pdf
|- LAB 2
|- ...
```

And here is an example of `.gitignore` file for IntelliJ IDEA editor:
```
.idea/*
out/*

*.iml
*.class
```
As for now it is a bare minimum of ignore rules for IDEA. May be extended if you see more files.

> **IMPORTANT**. Your `.gitignore` file must have `UTF-8` encoding in order to be recognized by git. For getting file with such encoding it is enough to open it with notepad and select "Save as". During saving there is an option for encoding.

> **IMPORTANT**. `.gitignore` file has to be staged and commited.

[this_repo]: <https://github.com/Igor-Sikorsky-IST-Hub/PF1_2022>
[project_structure_readme]: <project_structure.md>
[project_structure_readme_ua]: <project_structure.ua.md>
[github_ignore]: <https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/ignoring-files>